Add OSS usage disclaimer (#961)
microsoft/cpp_client_telemetry: docs/List-of-OSS-Components.md

ZLIB DATA COMPRESSION LIBRARY.

SDK maintains its own snapshot of the mainline ZLib with some Intel architecture performance optimizations [here](../zlib). 

> It is customer product responsibility to ensure that a snapshot of zlib they use - meets their product security and licensing requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the responsibility of product teams to ensure that a snapshot of zlib they use meets their product security and licensing requirements.
```

Reachability is a drop-in replacement for Apple's Reachability class. It is ARC-compatible, and it uses the new GCD methods to notify of network interface changes.
SDK maintains its own snapshot of the mainline `tonymillion/Reachability` [here](../third_party/Reachability). This code is not used nor included in the build of non-Apple OS.

> Please note if customer product is adding dependency to this component, they should ensure it meets their product security and licesing requiremets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note if customer product is adding dependency to this component, they should ensure it meets their product security and licensing requirements. 
```
